Update README.md (#1)
KaranToor/Docs: README.md

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

> This is some new text. 
> Line 1
> Line 2
> Line 3

Author: ```suggestion
This is some new text. 
Line 4
Line 5
Line 6
```

> Line 1
> Line 2
> Line 3

Author: ```suggestion
Line 4
Line 5
Line 6
```

```diff
+ new stuff
- old stuff
```
